Closes #2: [FEATURE] - Add issue templates (#1)
InfoGamePHL/InfoGame: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: "[Feature] - *ENTER TITLE* "
labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Additional context**

> Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add any other context or a screenshot about the feature request here.
```
